Hello there!  Come here my little friend.  Don't be afraid.Don't worry, he'll be all right.Rest easy, son, you've had a busy day.  You're fortunate you're still in one piece.The Jundland Wastes are not to be traveled lightly.  Tell me, young Luke, what brings you out this far?Obi-Wan Kenobi... Obi-Wan?  Now thats a name I haven't heard in a long time... a long time.Oh, he's not dead, no... not yet.Well of course, of course I know him.  He's me!  I haven't gone by the name Obi-Wan since oh, before you were born.Don't seem to remember ever owning a droid.  Very interesting... I think we better get indoors.  The Sand People are easily startled but they will soon be back and in greater numbers.Quickly, son... they're on the move.That's what your uncle told you.  He didn't hold with your father's ideals.  Thought he should have stayed here and not gotten involved.Yes, I was once a Jedi Knight the same as your father.He was the best star-pilot in the galaxy, and a cunning warrior.  I understand you've become quite a good pilot yourself.  And he was a good friend.  Which reminds me...I have something here for you.  Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough, but your uncle wouldn't allow it.  He feared you might follow old Obi-Wan on some damned-fool idealistic crusade like your father did. Your fathers lightsaber.  This is the weapon of a Jedi Knight.  Not as clumsy or as random as a blaster.An elegant weapon for a morecivilized time.  For over a thousand generations the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic.  Before the dark times, before the Empire.A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil, helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi Knights.  He betrayed and murdered your father.  Now the Jedi are all but extinct.  Vader was seduced by the dark side of the Force.Well, the Force is what gives the Jedi his power.  It's an energy field created by all living things.  It surrounds us and penetrates us.  It binds the galaxy together.Now, let's see if we can't figure out what you are, my little friend.  And where you come from.I seem to have found it.You must learn the ways of the Force if you're to come with me to Alderaan.I need your help, Luke.  I'm getting too old for this sort of thing.She needs your help.That's your uncle talking.Learn about the Force, Luke.You must do what you feel is right, of course.They didn't.  But we are meant to think they did.  These tracks are side by side.  Sand People always ride single file to hide there numbers.And these blast points, too accurate for Sand People.  Only Imperial stormtroopers are so precise.Wait, Luke!  It's too dangerous.There's nothing you could have done, Luke, had you been there.  You'd have been killed, too, and the droids would now be in the hands of the Empire.Mos Eisley Spaceport.  You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.  We must be cautious.They're for sale if you want them.You don't need to see his identification.looking for.He can go about his business.Move along.The Force can have a strong influence on the weak-minded.  You will find it a powerful ally.Well, most of the best freighter pilots can be found here.  Only watch your step.  This place can be a little rough.This little one isn't worth the effort.  Come let me buy you something...This is Chewbacca.  He's first-mate on a ship that might suit our needs.Yes, indeed.  If it's a fast ship.Should I have?Only passengers.  Myself, the boy, two droids, and no questions asked.Let's just say we'd like to avoid any Imperial entanglements.We haven't that much with us.  But we could pay you two thousand now, plus fifteen when we reach Alderaan.Ninety-four.You'll have to sell your speeder.It will be enough.If the ship's as fast as he's boasting, we ought to do well.How long before you can make the jump to light speed?I felt a great disturbance in the Force... as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.  I fear something terrible has happened.You'd better get on with your exercises.Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him.Partially. But it also obeys your commands.I suggest you try it again, Luke.This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct.Your eyes can deceive you.  Don't trust them.Stretch out with your feelings.You see, you can do it.In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.That's good.  You have taken your first step into a larger world.Destroyed... by the Empire!It's an Imperial fighter.No.  It's a short range fighter.It'd be as well to let it go.  It's too far out of range.A fighter that size couldn't get this deep into space on its own.That's no moon!  It's a space station.Turn the ship around!You can't win.  But there are alternatives to fighting.Leave that to me!Who's the more foolish... the fool or the fool who follows him?Plug in.  He should be able to interpret the entire Imperial computer network.I don't think you boys can help.  I must go alone.Be patient, Luke.  Stay and watch over the droids.They must be delivered safely or other star systems will suffer the same fate as Alderaan.  Your destiny lies along a different path from mine.  The Force will be with you... always!Only a master of evil, Darth.You can't win, Darth.  If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.Run, Luke!  Run!Luke, the Force will be with you.Use the Force, Luke.Let go, Luke.Luke, trust me.Remember, the Force will be with you... always.