Han Solo.  I'm captain of the Millennium Falcon.  Chewie here tells me you're looking for passage to the Alderaan system.Fast ship?  You've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?It's the ship that made the Kessel run in less than twelve parsecs!I've outrun Imperial starships, not the local bulk-cruisers, mind you.  I'm talking about the big Corellian ships now.  She's fast enough for you, old man.  What's the cargo?What is it?  Some kind of local trouble?Well, that's the real trick, isn't it?  And it's going to cost you something extra.  Ten thousand in advance.But who's going to fly it, kid!  You?Seventeen, huh!Okay.  You guys got yourself a ship.  We'll leave as soon as you're ready.  Docking bay Ninety-four.Looks like somebody's beginning to take an interest in your handiwork.Seventeen thousand!  Those guys must really be desperate.  This could really save my neck.  Get back to the ship and get her ready.Yes, Greedo.  As a matter of fact, I was just going to see your boss.  Tell Jabba that I've got his money.Yeah, but this time I got the money.I don't have it with me.  Tell Jabba...Even I get boarded sometimes.  Do you think I had a choice?Over my dead body.Yes, I'll bet you have.Sorry about the mess.I've been waiting for you, Jabba.I'm not the type to run.You sent Greedo to blast me.I think he thought he was.  Next time don't send one of those twerps.  If you've got something to say to me, come see me yourself.You know, even I get boarded sometimes, Jabba.  I had no choice, but I've gota charter now and I can pay you back, plus a little extra.  I just need some more time.Jabba, I'll pay you because it's my pleasure.She'll make point five beyond the speed of light.  She may not look like much, but she's got it where it counts, kid.  I've added some special modifications myself.We're a little rushed, so if you'll hurry aboard we'll get out of here.Chewie, get us out of here!It looks like an Imperial cruiser.  Our passengers must be hotter than I thought.  Try and hold them off.  Angle the deflector shield while I make the calculations for the jump to light speed.Stay sharp!  There are two more coming in; they're going to try to cut us off.Watch your mouth, kid, or you're going to find yourself floating home.  We'll be safe enough once we make the jump to hyperspace.  Besides, I know a few maneuvers. We'll lose them!Here's where the fun begins!It'll take a few moments to get the coordinates from the navi-computer.Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy!  Without precise calculations we could fly right through a star or bounce too close to a supernova and that'd end your trip real quick, wouldn't it?We're losing our deflector shield.  Go strap yourself in, I'm going to make the jump to light speed.Well, you can forget your troubles with those Imperial slugs.  I told you I'd outrun 'em.Don't everyone thank me at once.Anyway, we should be at Alderaan about oh-two-hundred hours.Let him have it. It's not wise to upset a Wookiee.That's 'cause droids don't pull people's arms out of their socket when they lose.  Wookiees are known to do that.Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other.  I've seen a lot of strange stuff, but I've never seen anything to make me believe there's one all-powerful force controlling everything.  There's no mystical energy field that controls my destiny.It's all a lot of simple tricks and nonsense.I call it luck. Look, going good against remotes is one thing.  Going good against the living?  That's something else.Looks like we're coming up on Alderaan.Stand by, Chewie, here we go.  Cut in the sublight engines.What the...?  Aw, we've come out of hyperspace into a meteor shower.  Some kind of asteroid collision.  It's not on any of the charts.Our position is correct, except... no, Alderaan!Thats what I'm trying to tell you, kid.  It ain't there.  It's been totally blown away.The entire starfleet couldn't destroy the whole planet.  It'd take a thousand ships with more fire power than I've...There's another ship coming in.There aren't any bases around here.  Where did it come from?Not if I can help it.  Chewie... jam it's transmissions.Not for long...Well, he ain't going to be around long enough to tell anyone about us.I think I can get him before he gets there... he's almost in range.It's too big to be a space station.Yeah, I think your right.  Full reverse!  Chewie, lock in the auxiliary power.We're caught in a tractor beam!  It's pulling us in!There's nothin' I can do about it, kid.  I'm in full power.  I'm going to have to shut down.  But they're not going to get me without a fight!I use them for smuggling.  I never thought I'd be smuggling myself in them.  This is ridiculous.  Even if I could take off, I'd never get past the tractor beam.Damn fool. I knew that you were going to say that!Hey down there, could you give us a hand with this?Bring them on!  I prefer a straight fight to all this sneaking around.Whatever you say.  I've done more than I bargained for on this trip already.Boy you said it, Chewie.Where did you dig up that old fossil?Yeah, great at getting us into trouble.Well, anything would be better than just hanging around waiting for them to pick us up...Princess?Princess?  What's going on?What are you talking about?Now, look, don't get any funny ideas.  The old man wants us to wait right here.I'm not going anywhere.Marching into the detention area is not what I had in mind.Better her than me...Rich?What?I don't know, I can imagine quite a bit!I better!All right, kid.  But you'd better be right about this!What's your plan?Don't worry, Chewie.  I think I know what he has in mind.And hope they don't have blasters.This is not going to work.I did say so before!Look out!  He's loose!Go get him!We've got to find out which cell this princess of yours is in.  Here it is... cell twenty-one-eight-seven.  You go get her.  I'll hold them here.Everything is under control.  Situation normal.Uh... had a slight weapons malfunction.  But, uh, everything's perfectly all right now.  We're fine.  We're all fine here, now, thank you.  How are you?Uh, uh, negative, negative.  We had a reactor leak here now.  Give us a few minutes to lock it down.  Large leak... very dangerous.Boring conversation anyway.Luke!  We're going to have company!Chewie!Get behind me!  Get behind me!Can't get out that way.Maybe you'd like it back in your cell, Your Highness.I can't hold them off forever!  Now what?He's the brains, sweetheart.What the hell are you doing?Get in there you big furry oaf!  I don't care what you smell!  Get in there and don't worry about it.Wonderful girl!  Either I'm going to kill her or I'm beginning to like her.  Get in there!Oh!  The garbage chute was a really wonderful idea.  What an incredible smell you've discovered!  Let's get out of here!  Get away from there...Absolutely, Your Worship.  Look, I had everything under control until you led us down here.  You know, it's not going to take them long to figure out what happened to us.It's worse.That's your imagination.What?Luke!  Luke!  Luke!Where?Luke!  Luke!I've got a very bad feeling about this.Get to the top!One thing's for sure.  We're all going to be a lot thinner!Get on top of it!Three-two-six-eight-two-seven.If we can just avoid any more female advice, we ought to be able to get out of here.Where are you going?Come here, you big coward!Chewie!  Come here!Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get one thing straight!  I takeorders from one person!  Me!No reward is worth this.There she is.Nice!  Come on!Get back to the ship!Didn't we just leave this party?What kept you?Seems okay, if we can get to it.Just hope the old man got the tractor beam out of commission.Now's our chance!  Go!Come on!Blast the door!  Kid!I hope the old man got that tractor beam out if commission, or this is going to be a real short trip.  Okay, hit it!We're coming up on the sentry ships.  Hold 'em off!  Angle the deflector shields while I charge up the main guns!Come on, buddy, we're not out of this yet!You in, kid?  Okay, stay sharp!Don't worry, she'll hold together.You hear me, baby?  Hold together!Great kid!  Don't get cocky.Not a bad bit of rescuing, huh?  You know, sometimes I even amaze myself.Easy... you call that easy?Not this ship, sister.What's so important?  What's he carrying?It is for me, sister!  Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess.  I expect to be well paid.  I'm in it for the money!I'm trying not to, kid!Still, she's got a lot of spirit.  I don't know, what do you think?  Do you think a princess and a guy like me...That's right, yeah!  I got some old debts I've got to pay off with this stuff.  Even if I didn't, you don't think I'd be fool enough to stick around here, do you?  Why don't you come with us?  You're pretty good in a fight.  I could use you.What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it?  Besides, attacking that battle station ain'tmy idea of courage.  It's more like suicide.Hey, Luke... may the Force be with you!What're you lookin' at?  I know what I'm doing.Yahoo!You're all clear, kid.Now let's blow this thing and go home!Great shot, kid.  That was one in a million.Hey!  Hey!Well, I wasn't gonna let you get all the credit and take all the reward.