Lord Vader, I should have known.  Only you could be so bold.  The Imperial Senate will not sit stillfor this, when they hear you've attacked a diplomatic...I don't know what you're talking about.  I'm a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan...Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi.  You'remy only hope.Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi.  You're my only hope.  Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi.  You're my only hope.Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi...General Kenobi, years ago you served my father in the Clone Wars.  Now he begs you to help him in his struggle against the Empire.  I regret that I am unable to present my father's request to you in person, but my ship has fallen under attack and I'm afraid my mission to bring you to Alderaan has failed.  I have placed information vital to the survival of the Rebellion into the memory systems of this R2 unit.  My father will know how to retrieve it.  You must see this droid safely delivered to him on Alderaan.  This is our most desperate hour.  Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi, you're my only hope.Governor Tarkin, I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash.  I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board.to take the responsibility yourself!The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.No!  Alderaan is peaceful.  We have no weapons.  You can't possibly...Dantooine.They're on Dantooine.What?No!Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?You're who?Ben Kenobi is here!  Where is he?Looks like you managed to cut off our only escape route.This is some rescue.  When you came in here, didn't you have a plan for getting out?Somebody has to save our skins.  Into the garbage chute, wise guy.Put that thing away!  You're going to get us all killed.It could be worse...Luke!Luke, Luke, grab a hold of this.Grab him!What happened?Don't just stand there.  Try and brace it with something.I can't I'm trying!No, wait.  They'll hear!Listen. I don't know who you are, or where you came from, but from now on, you do as I tell you.  Okay?It's a wonder you're still alive.Will somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way?You came in that thing?  You're braver that I thought.He certainly has courage.There's no lock!Quick, we've got to get across.  Find the control that extends the bridge.They're coming through!Here they come!For luck!We ran into some old friends.Come on!  Luke, its too late!There wasn't anything you could have done.Here they come!We've lost lateral controls.There are still two more of them out there!We did it!That doesn't sound too hard.  Besides, they let us go.  It's the only explanation for the ease of our escape.Their tracking us!At least the information in Artoo is still intact.The technical readouts of that battle station.  I only hope that when the data is analyzed, a weakness can be found.  It's not over yet!You needn't worry about your reward.  If money is all that you love, then that's what you'll receive!Your friend is quite a mercenary.  I wonder if he really cares about anything... or anyone.We don't have time for our sorrows, commander.  The battle station has surely tracked us here.It's the only explanation for the ease of our escape.  You must use the information in this R2 unit to plan the attack.  It is our only hope.What's wrong?He's got to follow his own path.  No one can choose it for him.Luke!  Luke!  Luke!Hey, I knew there was more to you than money.