Loud and clear, kid. What's up?There isn't enough life on this ice cube to fill a  space cruiser. The sensors are placed. I'm going back.Chewie!All right, don't lose your temper. I'll come right back and give  you a hand.No sign of life out there, General. The sensors are in place.  You'll know if anything comes around.No. He's checking out a meteorite that hit near him.General, I've got to leave. I can't stay anymore.Well, there's a price on my head. If I don't pay off Jabba the  Hut, I'm a dead man.Thank you, General.Well, Your Highness, I guess this is it.Well, don't get all mushy on me. So long, Princess.Yes, Your Highnessness?Well, the bounty hunter we ran into on Ord Mantell changed my  mind.We?Oh, what about you need?You probably don't.Come on! You want me to stay because of the way you feel about  me.No! That's not it. Come on. Aahhh -- uh huh! Come on.Am I? Then why are you following me? Afraid I was going to leave  without giving you a goodbye kiss?I can arrange that. You could use a good kiss!Why do you take this apart now? I'm trying to get us  out of here and you pull both of these.Put them back together right now.What do you want?I turned it off. I don't want to talk to her.I don't know where he is.What do you mean, \nobodyDeck Officer. Deck Officer!Do you know where Commander Skywalker is?It's possible? Why don't you go find out? It's getting dark out  there.Why not?Not likely. Are the speeders ready?Then we'll have to go out on Tauntauns.That's right. And my friends out in it.Then I'll see you in hell!Luke! Luke! Don't do this, Luke. Come on, give me a sign here.Not much time.Hang on, kid.Whew...This may smell bad, kid......but it will keep you warm...til I get the shelter built.   Ooh...I thought they smelled bad on the outside!Good morning. Nice of you guys to  drop by.How are you feeling, kid? You don't look so bad to me. In fact,  you look strong enough to pull the ears off a Gundark.That's two you owe me, junior.Well your Worship, looks like you managed to keep me around for a  little while longer.That's a good story. I think you just can't bear to let a  gorgeous guy like me out of your sight.Laugh it up, fuzz ball. But you didn't see us alone in the south  passage.She expressed her true feelings for me.Who's scruffy-looking?  I must have hit her pretty close  to the mark to get her all riled up like that, huh, kid?Take it easy.It could be a speeder, one of ours.It isn't friendly, whatever it is. Come on, Chewie, let's check  it out.Afraid there's not much left.Droid of some kind. I didn't hit it that hard. It  must have had a self-destruct.It's a good bet the Empire knows we're here.Okay, that's it. Try it...Off! Turn it  off! Turn it off! Off!Hi, kid.  There's got to be a reason for it. Check it  at the other end. Wait a second.  You all right?Be careful.No, no! No! This one goes there, that one goes there. right?You all right?I heard the command center had been hit.Don't worry. I'll leave. First I'm going to get you to your ship.Come on...that's it.Transport, this is Solo. Better take off -- I  can't get to you. I'll get the princess out on the Falcon.Come on.Hurry up, goldenrod, or you're going to be a permanent resident!How's this?It might.This baby's got a few surprises left in her, sweetheart.Come on! Come on! Switch over. Let's hope we don't have a  burnout.See?Punch it!I saw them! I saw them!Star Destroyers, two of them, coming right at us.Shut him up or shut him down!  Check the  deflector shield!Oh, great. Well, we can still outmaneuver them.Prepare to make the jump to light-speed.Oh yeah? Watch this.I think we're in trouble.We're in trouble!Horizontal boosters...!Alluvial dampers...! Well that's not it.Bring me the hydrospanners!I don't know how we're going to get out of this one.Oww! Chewie!That was no laser blast! Something hit us.Come on, Chewie!Oh, no! Chewie, set two-seven-one.They'd be crazy to follow us, wouldn't they?Never tell me the odds!You said you wanted to be around when I made a mistake; well,  this could be it, sweetheart.I'm not going to argue with that.I'm going in closer to one of the big ones.There. That looks pretty good.Yeah. That'll do nicely.Yeah, me too.I'm going to shut down everything but the emergency power  systems.No, I need you to talk to the Falcon, find out what's wrong with  the hyperdrive.Not entirely stable? I'm glad you're here to tell us these  things.  Chewie, take the professor in the back and plug him into the hyperdrive.Sshh!Don't get excited.Sorry, sweetheart. We haven't got time for anything else.Well, of course I'll have to replace it.Here! And Chewie......I think we'd better replace the negative power  coupling.Hey, Your Worship, I'm only trying to help.Sure, Leia.I do, I really do. You could be a little nicer, though.  Come on, admit it. Sometimes you think I'm all right.Scoundrel? Scoundrel? I like the sound of that.Stop what?My hands are dirty, too. What are you afraid of?You're trembling.You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough  scoundrels in your life.I'm a nice man.Thank you. Thank you very much.I'm not really interested in your opinion, Threepio.Where?I'm going out there.I just got this bucket back together. I'm not going to let  something tear it apart.There's an awful lot of moisture in here.Yeah.Watch out!Yeah, that's what I thought. Mynock. Chewie, check the rest of  the ship, make sure there aren't any more attached. They're chewing on the power cables.Go on inside. We'll clean them off if there are any more.Wait a minute...All right, Chewie, let's get out of here!No time to discuss this as a committee.Sit down, sweetheart. We're taking off!I see it, I see it.This is no cave.Let's get out of here. Ready for light-speed? One...two...three!It's not fair!The transfer circuits are working. It's not my fault!It's not my fault.Turn her around.I said turn her around! I'm going to put all power in the front  shield.The fleet is beginning to break up. Go back and stand  by the manual release for the landing claw.Thank you.Well, if they follow standard Imperial procedure, they'll dump  their garbage before they go to light-speed, then we just float away.Then we've got to find a safe port somewhere around here. Got any  ideas?The Anoat system.No. Well, wait. This is interesting. Lando.Lando's not a system, he's a man. Lando Calrissian. He's a card  player, gambler, scoundrel. You'd like him.Bespin. It's pretty far, but I think we can make it.Yeah, a Tibanna gas mine. Lando conned somebody out of it. We go  back a long way, Lando and me.No. But he has no love for the Empire, I can tell you that.Here we go, Chewie. Stand by. Detach!No, I don't have a landing permit. I'm trying  to reach Lando Calrissian.Whoa! Wait a minute! Let me explain.Well, that was a long time ago. I'm sure he's  forgotten about that.Thank you.There's nothing to worry about. We go way back, Lando and me.Well, what would you like?Look, don't worry. Everything's going to be fine. Trust me.See? My friend.  Keep your eyes open, okay?Ahh...repairs. I thought you could  help me out.Your ship? Hey, remember, you lost her to me fair and square.All right, all right, you old smoothie.Hyperdrive.Good.How's the gas mine? Is it paying off for you?You. Listen to you -- you sound like a businessman, a responsible  leader. Who'd have thought that, huh?Yeah.The ship is almost finished. Two or Three more things and we're  in great shape.Relax. I'll talk to Lando and see what I can find out.Well, I don't trust him, either. But he is my friend. Besides,  we'll soon be gone.Where? Found him in a junk pile?Lando's got people who can fix him.No. No problem. Why?Aren't you afraid the Empire's going to find out about this  little operation and shut you down?I'm sorry, too.I feel terrible.They never even asked me any questions.Get out of here, Lando!Over to you?Luke?Perfect. You fixed us all pretty good, didn't you?   My friend!Yeah, you're a real hero.What's going on...buddy?Stop, Chewie, stop! Do you hear me? Stop!Chewie! Chewie, this won't help me. Hey!Save your strength. There'll be another time. The princess -- you  have to take care of her. You hear me?I know.