That's right.Han!I thought you decided to stay.Han, we need you!Yes.I need? I don't know what you're talking about.And what precisely am I supposed to know?Yes. You're a great help to us. You're a natural leader...You're imagining things.I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.I had nothing to do with it. General Rieekan thinks  it's dangerous for any ships to leave the system until we've activated the energy shield.I don't know where you get you delusions, laser brain.My...! Why, you stuck up,...half-witted,...scruffy-looking...  nerf-herder!Why, I guess you don't know everything about women yet?Then it couldn't be one of those creatures that attacked Luke.What was it?An Imperial probe droid.All troop carriers will assemble at the north entrance. The  heavy transport ships will leave as soon as they're loaded. Only two fighter escorts per ship. The energy shield can only be opened for a short time, so you'll have to stay very close to your transports.The ion cannon will fire several shots to make sure that any  enemy ships will be out of your flight path. When you've gotten past the energy shield, proceed directly to the rendezvous point. Understood?Good luck.It's risky, but we can't hold out much longer. We have no  choice.Evacuate remaining ground staff.Why are you still here?You got your clearance to leave.Send all troops in sector twelve to the south  slope to protect the fighters.Give the evacuation code signal. And get to  your transports!Would it helped if I got out and pushed?The bucket of bolts is never going to get us past that blockade.Someday you're going to be wrong, and I hope I'm there to see it.Saw what?They're getting closer!Watch what?Han, get up here!Asteroids!What are you doing? You're not actually going into an asteroid  field?You don't have to do this to impress me.I take it back. We're going to get pulverized if we stay out  here much longer.Closer?What looks pretty good?I hope you know what you're doing.Let go.Let go, please.Captain, being held by you isn't quite enough to get me excited.Would you please stop calling me that?Oh, you make it so difficult sometimes.Occasionally  maybe...when you aren't  acting like a scoundrel.Stop that.Stop that! My hands are dirty.Afraid?I'm not trembling.I happen to like nice men.No, you're not. You're...There's something out there.Outside, in the cave.Are you crazy?!Then I'm going with you.This ground sure feels strange. It doesn't feel like rock at  all.I don't know. I have a bad feeling about this.Mynocks?The Empire is still out there. I don't think it's wise to...I am not a committee!You can't make the jump to light-speed in this asteroid field...The cave is collapsing.What?No light-speed?You're going to attack them?!Shut up!What did you have in mind for your next move?With the rest of the garbage. Then what?No. Where are we?Anoat system. There's not much there.Lando system?Thanks.A mining colony?Can you trust him?You do have your moments. Not many, but you have them.I thought you knew this person.Who's worried?I don't like this.Yes...very friendly.Leia.The sooner the better. Something's wrong here. No one has seen  or knows anything about Threepio. He's been gone too long to have gotten lost.I don't trust Lando.And then you're as good as gone, aren't you?What happened?Oh, what a mess. Chewie, do you think you can repair him?No, thanks.Not really.Thank you.So you're part of the mining guild then?Why are they doing this?Lando.What about Han?Vader wants us all dead.And we're the bait.You certainly have a way with people.I love you!Luke! Luke, don't -- it's a trap! It's a trap!What do you think you're doing?Do you think that after what you did to Han we're going to trust  you?Oh, so we understand, don't we, Chewie? He had no choice.We don't need any of your help.What?Chewie.Luke...We've got to go back.I know where Luke is.Chewie, just do it.It's Luke. Chewie, slow down. Slow down and we'll get under him.  Lando, open the top hatch.Okay. Easy, Chewie.Lando?I'll be back.Star Destroyer.If your people fixed the hyperdrive.All the coordinates are set. It's now or never.