I can't see.Where am I?Who are you?Leia!What's that? I know that laugh.Hey, Jabba. Look, Jabba, I was just on my way to pay you back, but I got a little sidetracked. It's not my fault.Look...Jabba... I'll pay you triple! You're throwing away a fortune here. Don't be a fool!Chewie? Chewie, is that you?Ah! Chew--Chewie!Wait. I can't see, pal. What's goin' on?Luke? Luke's crazy. He can't even take care of himself, much less rescue anybody.A...Jedi Knight? I--I'm out of it for a little while, everybody gets delusions of grandeur.I'm all right, pal. I'm all right.Luke!Fine. Together again, huh?How are we doing?That bad, huh? Where's Leia?Good, I hate long waits.Doesn't sound so bad.On second thought, let's pass on that, huh?I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a big light blur.You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.Oh... great!Threepio, you tell that slimy piece of... worm-ridden filth he'll get no such pleasure from us. Right?Chewie, you okay? Where is he?I'm okay, pal.Lando!Boba Fett?! Boba Fett?! Where?Lando, grab it!I'm trying!Whoa! Whoa! Grab me, Chewie! I'm slipping.Grab it! L--Lando. Grab!Grab it! Almost... You almost got it!Gently now. All... all right. Now easy, easy. Hold me, Chewie.Chewie! Chewie, give me the gun. Don't move, Lando.It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.Chewie, Pull us up! Come on! Okay... up, Chewie, up!I don't know. All I can see is a lot of blowing sand!Then I guess I'm getting better.I've got to hand it to you, kid, you were pretty good out there.No, I'm thinking a lot about it. That carbon freeze was the closest thing to dead there is. And it wasn't just sleepin'. It was a big wide awake nothing!Why don't you leave that crate and come with us?Guess I owe you some thanks, too, Lando.Hey, Luke, thanks. Thanks for comin' after me. Now I owe you one.Well, look at you, a general, huh?Well, don't look at me, pal. I just said you were a fair pilot. I didn't know they were lookin' for somebody to lead this crazy attack.Well, who says they didn't.  But I ain't crazy. You're the respectable one, remember?Good luck.You're gonna need it.Uh, my team's ready. I don't have a command crew for the shuttle.Well, it's gonna be rough, pal. I didn't want to speak for you.That's one.Luke.Look. I want you to take her. I mean it. Take her. You need all the help you can get. She's the fastest ship in the fleet.Right. I got your promise now. Not a scratch.You, too.You got her warmed?No. I don't think the Empire had Wookiees in mind when they designed her, Chewie.Yeah, I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm not gonna see her again.Right. Chewie, let's see what this piece of junk can do. Ready, everybody?All right, hang on.If they don't go for this, we're gonna have to get outta here pretty quick, Chewie.Shuttle Tydirium requesting deactivation of the deflector shield.Transmission commencing.It'll work. It'll work.Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep your distance though, Chewie, but don't look like you're trying to keep your distance.I don't know.  Fly casual.It's your imagination, kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here.They're not goin' for it, Chewie.Okay! I told you it was gonna work. No problem.It'll take time. This whole party'll be for nothing if they see us.Chewie and I will take care of this. You stay here.Hey... it's me.Hey, wait! Ahhh!Luke! Where's Leia?I thought she was with you.Take the squad ahead.  We'll meet at the shield generator at 0300.Luke! Luke!I hope she's alright.What, Chewie? What? Chewie!Hey, I don't get it.Nah, it's just a dead animal, Chewie.Nice work. Great, Chewie! Great! Always thinking with your stomach.Yeah, sure.Wha--?  Hey!  Point that thing someplace else.Hey!What are you telling them?Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?Proper?!Why, you--My mistake. He's an old friend of mine.I have a really bad feeling about this.What did he say?Somehow, I got the feeling that didn't help us very much.What's going on?Just what I always wanted.Well, short help is better than no help at all, Chewie.  Thank you. Okay.Good. How far is it? Ask him. We need some fresh supplies, too. And try and get our weapons back.And hurry up, will ya? I haven't got all day.Hey, what's goin' on?Nothing?  Come on, tell me.  What's goin' on?Did you tell Luke? Is that who you could tell?Ahhh...I'm sorry.Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily guarded than this.Back door, huh? Good idea.It's only a few guards. This shouldn't be too much trouble.Then we'll do it real quiet-like.There goes our surprise attack.Not bad for a little furball. There's only one left. You stay here. We'll take care of this.All right! Up! Move! Come on! Quickly! Quickly, Chewie.Charges!  Come on, come on!Here's the terminal.Come on! Come on!Well, I suppose I could hotwire this thing.I think I got it. I got it!Let's see.I love you.Stay back.Chewie!  Get down here!  She's wounded!  No, wait....  I got an idea.Throw me another charge.Move! Move!Lando...