Greetings, Exalted One. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight and friend to Captain Solo. I know that you are powerful, mighty Jabba, and that your anger with Solo must be equally powerful. I seek an audience with Your Greatness to bargain for Solo's life.  With your wisdom, I'm sure that we can work out an arrangement which will be mutually beneficial and enable us to avoid any unpleasant confrontation. As a token of my goodwill, I present to you a gift: these two droids.... Both are hardworking and will serve you well.I must speak with Jabba.You will take me to Jabba now!You serve your master well.And you will be rewarded.I must be allowed to speak.You will bring Captain Solo and the Wookiee to me.Nevertheless, I'm taking Captain Solo and his friends. You can either profit by this... or be destroyed! It's your choice. But I warn you not to underestimate my powers.Han!Are you all right?Wouldn't miss it.The same as always.You should have bargained, Jabba. That's the last mistake you'll ever make.There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know.Just stick close to Chewie and Lando. I've taken care of everything.Jabba! This is your last chance. Free us or die.Easy, Chewie.Get the gun! Point it at the deck!Point it at the deck!Come on!Let's go! And don't forget the droids.I had a lot of help. Think nothing of it.I'll see you back at the fleet.I have a promise I have to keep first... to an old friend.I'll meet you back at the fleet.I will.That's right, Artoo. We're going to the  Dagobah system. I have a promise to keep...  to an old friend.No... of course not.Master Yoda, you can't die.But I need your help. I've come back to complete the training.Then I am a Jedi?Master Yoda... is Darth Vader my father?Yoda, I must know.Yes.Unfortunate that I know the truth?Well, I'm sorry.I can't do it, Artoo. I can't go on alone.Obi-Wan! Why didn't you tell me?You told me Vader betrayed and murdered my father.A certain point of view!There's still good in him.I can't do it, Ben.I tried to stop him once. I couldn't do it.But I had to help my friends.I found out Darth Vader was my father.I can't kill my own father.Yoda spoke of another.But I have no sister.Leia! Leia's my sister.But you can't let her get involved now, Ben. Vader will destroy her.Ask me again sometime.Hi, Han... Chewie.Yeah, she's comin' up.All set.Vader's on that ship.I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come.Quietly, there might be more of them out there.Great. Come on.I see them. Wait, Leia!Quick! Jam their comlink. Center switch!Move closer!Get alongside that one!Get him!Keep on that one! I'll take these two!What? She didn't come back?We got separated.Hey, we better go look for her.Come on, Artoo.  We'll need your scanners.There's two more wrecked speeders back there. And I found this.Chewie, wa-wait!  Don't!Will you take it easy? Let's just figure out a way to get out of this thing.  Han, can you reach my lightsaber?Han, don't. It'll be all right.Chewie, give 'em your crossbow.Do you understand anything they're saying?Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry and use your magic.Just tell them.Thanks, Threepio.Luke, what's wrong?Leia... do you remember your mother? Your real mother?What do you remember?Tell me.I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her.Vader is here...now, on this moon.I felt his presence. He's come for me. He can feel when I'm near. That's why I have to go.  As long as I stay, I'm endangering the group and our mission here.  I have to face him.He's my father.There's more. It won't be easy for you to hear it, but you must. If I don't make it back, you're the only hope for the Alliance.You're wrong, Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to use it as I have. The Force is strong in my family. My father has it...I have it...and...my sister has it.Yes. It's you Leia.Then you know why I have to face him.No, you don't. You've always been strong.Because...there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I have to try.I know, father.I've accepted the truth that you were once Anakin Skywalker, my father.It is the name of your true self. You've only forgotten. I know there is good in you. The Emperor hasn't driven it from you fully. That is why you couldn't destroy me. That's why you won't bring me to your Emperor now.Come with me.I will not turn...and you'll be forced to kill me.Search your feelings, father. You can't do this. I feel the conflict within you. Let go of your hate.Then my father is truly dead.You're gravely mistaken. You won't convert me as you did my father.You're wrong. Soon I'll be dead...and you with me.Your overconfidence is your weakness.No!I will not fight you, father.Your thoughts betray you, father. I feel the good in you...the conflict.You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before, and I don't believe you'll destroy me now.I will not fight you.Never-r-r!Never! I'll never turn to the dark side. You've failed, Your Highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me.Father, please. Help me.No. You're coming with me. I can't leave you here. I've got to save you.Father... I won't leave you.